in the six month of Elizabeth's
pregnancy God sent the angel Gabriel to
the Galilean village of Nazareth to a
virgin engaged to be married to a man
descendent Lee David his name was Joseph
and the Virgin's name Mary upon entering
Gabriel greeted her good morning
you're beautiful with God's beauty
beautiful side
god be with you Mary was thoroughly
shaken wondering what was behind a
greeting like that with the angel
Gabriel is shorter Mary you have nothing
to fear God has a surprise for you
you will become pregnant and give birth
to a son and called his name Jesus he
will be great be called son of the
highest the Lord God will give him the
throne of his father David he will rule
Jacobs house forever no end ever to his
kingdom Mary didn't waste a minute she
got up and traveled to a town in Judea
in the hill country straight to Zachary
is his house and greeted Elizabeth when
Elizabeth heard Mary's greeting the baby
in her womb leaked she was filled with
the Holy Spirit and sang out exuberantly
you're so blessed among women and the
babe in your room also blessed and why
am I so blessed that the mother of my
lord visits me the moment the sound of
your greeting entered my ears the babe
in my womb skipped like a lamp for sheer
joy blessed woman who believed what God
said believed every word would come true
Joseph Mary's fiance he had a dream
God's angels spoke in the dream Joseph
son of David don't hesitate to get
married Mary's pregnancy is spirit
conceived
God's holy spirit has made you pregnant
she will bring a son to birth and when
she does you Joseph will name him Jesus
God saved because he will save his
people from their sins
this will bring their profits embryonic
CERN
to full turn watch for this a version
will give pregnant can bear a son they
will name him Emmanuel then Joseph woke
up he did exactly what God's angel
commanded in the dream he married Mary
but he did not consummate the marriage
until she had the baby he named the baby
Jesus about that time says his Augusta
ordered a census to be taken throughout
the empire
this was the first census when Currie
Gnaeus was governor of Syria
everyone had travelled to his own
ancestral town to be accounted for so
Joseph went from the Galilee and town of
Nazareth up to Bethlehem in Judah
David's town for the census as a
descendant of David he had to go here he
went with Mary his fiancee he was
pregnant while they were there the time
came for her to give birth she gave
birth to a son her firstborn she wrapped
in a blanket and laid him in a manger
because there was no room in the hostel
there were shepherds in camping in the
neighborhood they had said night watches
over this she suddenly God's angel stood
among them and God's glory blazed all
around them they were terrified the
angel said don't be afraid I'm here to
announce a great and joyful event that
is meant for everybody worldwide the
savior has just been born in David still
a savior who is Messiah and master this
is what you
a baby wrapped in a blanket and lying in
a manger at once the angel was joined by
a huge angelic choirs and surprises
glory to God in the heavenly heights
peace to all men and women on earth who
pleasing as the angel choir withdrew
into heaven
the shepherd is talked together let's
get over to Bethlehem as fast as we can
and see for ourselves what God is
they left running and found Mary and
Joseph and the baby lying in the manger
scene was believing they told everyone
they met what the Angels had said about
this child all of heard the shepherds
were impressed Mary kept all these
things to herself holding them dear
deep within herself the Shepherd has
returned and that loose glorifying and
praising God for everything they had
heard and seen it turned out exactly the
way they'd been told
after Jesus was born in Bethlehem
Village Judah's territory this was
during King Herod's kingship a band of
scholars arrived in Jerusalem from the
east they asked around where can we find
and pay homage to the newborn King of
the Jews we observed the star in the
eastern sky that signaled his birth
we're on pilgrimage to worship Him when
the word of the inquiry got to hear it
he was terrified and not Herod alone but
most of Jerusalem as well
Herod lost no time he gathered all the
high priests religious scholars in the
city together and asked where is the
Messiah supposed to be born they told
him Bethlehem due to territory
the prophet Micah wrote it Herod then
arranged a secret meeting of the
scholars from the east pretending to be
as devout as they were got them to tell
you exactly when the birth announcement
star appeared then he told them the
prophecy about Bethlehem and said go and
find this child leave no stone unturned
as soon as you find them send word and
I'll join you at once in your worship
instructed by the king they set off then
the star appeared again the same star
they had seen in the eastern skies it
led them on until it hovered above the
place of the child they could hardly
contain themselves they were in the
right place they had arrived at the
right time they entered the house and
saw the child in the arms of Mary his
mother overcome they kneeled and
worshiped
then they open their lounge and
presented gifts gold frankincense myrrh
in a dream now a warned not to report
back to her so they worked out another
route
left the territory without being seen
and returned to their own country